Restructuring vector search docs and adding vector landing page and use cases page (#5567)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/vector/bring-own-vectors.md

In this guide, you’ll use documents that already include dense vector embeddings. To deploy a vector embedding model in {{es}} and generate vectors during ingest and search, refer to the links in [Learn more](#bring-your-own-vectors-learn-more).

::::{tip}

> This is an advanced vector search use case that uses the `dense_vector` field type. For managed meaning-based search, refer to [Semantic search](/solutions/search/semantic-search.md). To compare semantic search and vector search and choose an approach, refer to [Semantic search and vector search](/solutions/search/vector.md#semantic-search-vs-vector-search).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This advanced use case uses the `dense_vector` field type for direct control over embeddings and indexing. For a managed workflow using the `semantic_text` field type, refer to [Semantic search](/solutions/search/semantic-search.md). To compare both approaches, refer to [Semantic search and vector search](/solutions/search/vector.md#semantic-search-vs-vector-search).
```

"meaning-based" isn't the differentiator here: the real choice is between two workflows for doing the same thing: managed (semantic_text) vs. self-configured (dense_vector)
